line chart edits (#217)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-charts/line-chart/step5.md

Add axis labels to the line chart.

1) <strong>Make sure the `App.js` file is still open.</strong>

2) <strong>Locate the code for the `<Chart>` component.</strong>

It should look like this:

<pre class="file">
&lt;Chart
  constrainToVisibleArea
  containerComponent={&lt;ChartVoronoiContainer labels={({ datum }) =&gt; `${datum.name}: ${datum.y}`} /&gt;}
  maxDomain={{y: 10}}
  minDomain={{y: 0}}
  height={250}
  width={600}
&gt;
</pre>

3) <strong>Add the `padding` property to that section:</strong>

This will add more padding to the bottom and left properties to accommodate the axis labels.

Copy this code to the editor:

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
padding={{
  bottom: 75,
  left: 75,
  right: 50,
  top: 50
}}
</pre>

4) <strong>Locate the code between the `<Chart>` and `<ChartGroup>`.</strong>

<pre class="file">
&lt;ChartGroup&gt;
...
&lt;/ChartGroup&gt;
</pre>

> 5) <strong>Between these components add the `<ChartAxis>` components.</strong>

Reviewer: Need to split up these two axes like area-chart
<img width="320" alt="Screen Shot 2019-12-06 at 11 42 31 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20118816/70339833-8c964d00-181d-11ea-98dd-752fa7d1b064.png">

Author: got it!

> 5) <strong>Between these components add the `<ChartAxis>` components.</strong>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5) <strong>Between these components add the `<ChartAxis>` components.</strong>
The `<Chart>` component displays an axis by default. Add labels and gridlines here to enhance the component.
a) <strong>Add the `<ChartAxis>` component with a label property.</strong>

It should look like this:

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
&lt;ChartAxis label=&quot;Years&quot;/&gt;
</pre>

b) <strong>Add another `<ChartAxis>` component with multiple properties.</strong>

The `dependentAxis` property specifies whether the axis corresponds to dependent data points (e.g., usually the y-axis).
```

Author: I updated this section as Christie prescribed above.

Add axis labels to the line chart.

1) <strong>Make sure the `App.js` file is still open.</strong>

2) <strong>Locate the code for the `<Chart>` component.</strong>

It should look like this:

<pre class="file">
&lt;Chart
  constrainToVisibleArea
  containerComponent={&lt;ChartVoronoiContainer labels={({ datum }) =&gt; `${datum.name}: ${datum.y}`} /&gt;}
  maxDomain={{y: 10}}
  minDomain={{y: 0}}
  height={250}
  width={600}
&gt;
</pre>

> 3) <strong>Add the `padding` property to that section:</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) <strong>Add the `padding` property to the `<Chart>` component.</strong>
```
